1.The president hotel
Located at a walking distance from Guwahati Railway Station(550 m), 
Hotel President offers a great accommodation facility for budget travelers in the city.
To makes the stay a pleasant experience for the guests, facilities like  doctor on call,   payment acceptance through credit cards, internet service and much more are offered here.
The hotel also has a restaurant where guests have a chance to enjoy a delicious meal in a soothing ambience.


2.Windflower
Windflower Resorts features the Emerge Spa with 30 different treatments, Olive Garden restaurant and the Vineyard Bar and Bistro. Location: The Windflower Resorts and Spa is located on Maharana Pratap Road, near the Race Course on the Chamundi foothills. Major modes of connectivity nearby include
Chamarajapura Railway station (5 Km) and Mysore Airport (10 Km).


3.Highway 18
Menu (including prices) for Highway 18 may have changed since the last update. Zomato does not guarantee prices or the availability of menu items at Highway 18. Menu images shown on this app have been digitised by Zomato. Customers are free to download and save these images, but not use these digital files (watermarked by the Zomato logo) for any commercial purpose, without prior written permission of Zomato



4.Nalpak Restaurant
Nalpak Restaurant at Vani Vilas Mohalla makes sure one has a great food experience by offering highly palatable food. The various services offered at the venue include Hotel, Pure Vegetarian , Dine in , Price For Two 550 . The restaurant welcomes guests from 8:00-16:30 - 15:00-22:30 allowing diners to relish a scrumptious meal between the functional hours.The price range of the food at the restaurant ranges from 2. One can make their payment via Cash, Cheques. This is a JD Verified restaurant



5.radisson
Considered one of the best hotels in the city, the Radisson Blu Plaza Hotel Mysore offers city-center convenience and gorgeous views of the Chamundi Hills. If you’re arriving from Mandakalli Airport (MYQ), the hotel is just a 15-minute drive away. For some fun in the city, watch the antics of the animals at the Mysore Zoo or work on your short game at the Mysore Golf Club, both adjacent to the hotel.



6.sidarth
If you happen to be in Mysore and are looking for a place to stay, this is the perfect budget hotel in Mysore for families... Don't look too far. Hotel Siddharta in Mysore city always rolls out the red carpet for you
Hotel Siddharta is ideal for both business travelers and holidays-makers and serves as an excellent base to explore the cultural wonders of Mysore.




7.The Roost Hinkal Mysore ys92
The ROOST is an old and authentic Coorg cuisine and multi cuisine restaurant. The food selection is really not exhaustive. The very spacious and the spick and span dining place will surely make you relax. We have state-of-the-art conference rooms with digital services that would suffice your needs. The banquet arrangements, which can accommodate up to 1000 guests, would make you feel like a king!



8.Ginger
The multi-cuisine restaurant Square Meal offers a decent fare of breakfast, lunch and dinner options. The restaurant remains open from 7 am to 11 pm.  You can also make use of the in-room dining services to have the food ordered to your room.  And if it's coffee on your mind, walk in to the on-premise Cafe Coffee Day outlet.
Mysore experiences a tropical climate. Summers are hot and humid from March to May. They are moderate at times making it possible for sightseeing and other activities. During monsoons, Mysore experiences heavy showers which may be a good time to travel if you enjoy the rains. October to February is considered the best time to travel and experience the true beauty of this glorious city.



9.The Viceroy comforts
A restaurant, conference rooms, and dry cleaning are available at this smoke-free hotel. Free WiFi in public areas and free self parking are also provided. Other amenities include tour/ticket assistance and a front-desk safe.




10.Ruchi
Ruchi The Prince is a plush hotel in Mysore which has a perfect blend of lush gardens, beautiful landscaped lawns and serene ambience. The modern architecture of the building is complimented with sloping red tiled roofs, curved staircase and massive balconies. Ruchi The Prince makes ideal accommodations for leisure and business travellers as it enjoys proximity to tourist spots and commercial centres in and around Mysore.





11.village
THE VILLAGE combines all the comforts of a modern hotel and the concerns for the guest’s well being. Not jus that, our concern extends even to nature and we make the extra effort to balance the elements for a green environment. Yes we take environment and your well being seriously. Smoking is strictly prohibited.




12.sandesh prince
This room is designed with granite floors and decorated with wooden interior decoration. a wardrobe, a tv cabinet, a dressing table and a king-size bed make up the furniture in this room.



13.viceroy



14.hotel vishnubhavan



15.mahesh prasad



16.country